---
layout: post
title: Third
---

Gaining traction sooner than I'd thought

Tomorrow I will have have my first interview and I'm very excited.
I did not think I would be here this quick. It might be a fluke, but the position looks like it could be a good fit as well as a lot of fun. So, in order to prepare a bit I've been looking over old coursework and refreshing my memory about the relevant technologies.

The job is as a system developer, for a smaller company that provides integration as a service. I gather they are helping companies move their platform to be entirely cloudbased, and all the management of those cloud based platforms. This sounds like a good business idea as I speculate that a company, let's say an e-commerce site, that does not specialize in IT will probably be better off letting another company, consultant or team manage the technicalities of their platforms. 

Amongst the stack/technologies they listed there was one I'd never heard of before; Mulesoft. So I'm going to briefly go over what I've learned.

Mulesoft is a company, that has a platform called Anypoint. The Anypoint platform is what companies use in order to integrate and automate for different use cases. As far as I understand this ends up revolving around RESTful API's. It seems they have developed their own programming language, DataWeave that is mainly used for transformning data. However, Anypoint is some sort of block programming tool or drag and drop application.

I wonder how this all ties together with the different variables of helping different companies. I feel quite certain that Anypoint is the centerpiece in this endavour and I'm curious as to how it actually works, and even more what other technologies are used to tie it together.

Peace
