---
layout: post
title: Second
---

I'm staring to realize it's going to take more time than expected just to display my current experiences.

Today I started by looking at this blog site in order to see if I wanted to further implement something or if I was going to start on a project. It then dawned on me that I already have a lot of work from courses and school projects that I could display, but most of them are not on hand. After quickly creating a CV and Projects template on this site I started looking at some job applications, as I haven't yet this week. That, combined with looking at some future projects ideas took up most of the day. A lot of the job applications require some hefty experiences, even the junior positions so I'm even more convinced I need to create some in order to be an actual candidate.

My current ideas for projects are:
* A mobile app that allows people to setup a shared bucketlist. This idea came from my girlfriend as she wanted to have a place to store things we wanted to do this sommer, and perhaps with different timeconstraints, let's say "I want to do this within x months/years."
* A solution that helps me figure out which days are best to do a certain activity. Let's say I want to be in Stockholm visiting a friend this summer. I know I want to be there for 4 days, I'd like the weather to be nice, and preferable 2 of these days are over a weekend. I'm imagining just pulling weather data from some API and using it, not really analysing it myself. We'll see.
* Generic e-comerce website just to have it done. Not super interested in creating this with nothing to sell, but should be something that looks good. Also not sure how to go about it when I', not experienced nor very interested in UX. Perhaps just making all the funcationlity and using something such as bootstrap to solve the visual elements is fine.
* A website just for my own wants and needs. Pulling some data from different places, just to have as my own homepage. This is the one that interests me the most (for obvious reasons) but not sure how well it plays in the eyes of someone that does not share the same interests. Perhaps a github with sourcecode and some explaination of what everything would be is good enough.

Peace
