---
layout: post
title: First
---

The beginning of a journey for a guy who decided that time would be better spent towards finding work rather than finishing school

I basically just started with this site. Read through an article about a github pages Jekyll site, forked the creators repo and now I'm here. The reason behind publishing this site is rather simple; to make myself more attractive on the job market. The ideas behind this does not seem to be as simple or straight forward. 

Since deciding not to finish my studies I was forced to reflect on what a degree means, what is it's worth? In the eye of recruiters and companies I believe it means that it is someone who has put in the work and is ready for an entry level job. Since I do not have a degree, that means I have to prove this in some other way. 

I'm still not sure what the right way to go about it would be, but here's my current reasoning:

* A blogsite would be good to serve as a window into my day, thoughts and efforts. I could share generic thoughts like this and in the future specifics about projects and such I delve into.
* A website would be good to serve as a sort of hub as well as showing some sort of work. I originally planned to create a website using React.js and host it somewhere, but now that I learnt of jekyll I'm not so sure anymore. Staying here and developing on github pages seems to be time effective, but not really displaying any programming skills. I haven't come to a conclusion yet.
* Tool specific solutions and projects seems like the best way to go about showing capability of work. If I would like to land a job as a Python developer, it seems highly logical that I would benefit from being able to provide Python solutions and projects.
* Contributing to open source projects might also be a good way of showing interest and understanding. I've yet to explore this world in general but look forward to hopefully being able to contribute somewhere.

So that's the current gameplan, we'll see how this goes. I plan to do regular posts but about what I'm not sure yet. I think I'm going to post mon-fri and attempt to mimic some sort of work week, ending each day with a post.


Peace
