---
layout: post
title: Fourth
---

A day spent thinking about an interview

Today I had my first (IT-related) interview. It was just a first interview with the recruiters, mainly about me as a person. It went well I think, especially for my first interview. It was more fun and relaxed than I'd anticipated and I learnt a lot for potential upcoming interviews. I figured I'd share it here:

It's probably a good idea to have though out answers to generic questions such as: "Tell me about yourself", "What motivates you" and "What are your strenghts" as even though you can answer them truthfully it seemed hard to answer them thouroughly without having thought that much about it.

I had thoughts and questions relating the position that was listed, but not many for the actual recruiters. I'm not sure if I'm supposed to have questions for them, but I guess asking how the interview was for them, chitchatting or posing questions about the process could be a good idea for further engagement.

And further on this I think I will think and discuss with closed one more about what I want as I'm guessing the questions will differ from interview to interview and I think It'd a good idea to have formulated them out loud atleast once before.

Other than the interview, I've been digging up coursework I could display, and been looking into to refreshing Java a bit, since that's what this position was about. I feel like I could really use refreshers in whatever language a position is about, since school has had us do so many different things that I feel confident about adapting to anything, but not confident to discuss or solve specifics. I'm not sure how to go about it yet since it seems I'd need to really hone into something.

Peace
